When you need a large cooler to keep your food and beverages cold while traveling, consider the ORCA 40 Quart Hard Side Cooler. This cooler provides ample room for you to store various items, from cans and bottles to bags of produce and protein. The 40 Quart Cooler is the best choice for bringing plenty of refreshments when you go camping or away for the weekend.

Benefits of 40 Quart Cooler
Choosing a cooler with the best features and capabilities is vital for keeping your food and drinks cold for a long time. When you use the 40 Quart Cooler, you can experience benefits such as:

Large storage capacity: The 40 Quart Cooler has a large main compartment to hold numerous food and drinks. It can carry up to 48 cans or 10 gallons, depending on your needs.
Additional storage area: We include a cargo net bag for extra storage on the backside of the cooler. You can place any items in the mesh bag that don't fit in the other bags or containers.
Superior cold retention: ORCA coolers have premium cold retention because of their construction. The plastic and techniques used to make the coolers ensure top-notch insulation to help the interior stay cold for up to 10 days.
Easy transportation: You can easily transport the 40 Quart Coolers anywhere you need them. They have comfortable handles for carrying the cooler solo or together. The coolers also fit in many vehicles, from sedans to SUVs and trucks.
Durable: Our coolers are durable and can withstand frequent use and the elements. They have a rotational-molded construction, so the plastic is uniformly dense, boosting overall strength and insulation.
How Hard Coolers Insulate
Hard coolers are some of the best containers for keeping food and drinks cold for a long time. They typically use foam, such as polyurethane, to insulate the insides and prevent air cavities between the parts. Polyurethane foam is dense and sets hard to strengthen the pieces around it. 

The roto-molded construction ensures thick, uniform plastic, which has more insulation when combined with the foam. The ORCA coolers use integrated insulation to provide maximum ice and cold retention. Your cooler will trap the cold air and prevent the surrounding climate from melting your ice or warming your refreshments.

Order a 40 Quart Cooler
Are you planning to host a big event or go camping for a few days? The ORCA 40 Quart Hard Cooler is the ideal cooler to keep your items colder for longer. Our coolers are available in many colors, so you can choose ones that match the rest of your gear. 

Each of our hard-side coolers come with a lifetime warranty for your peace of mind. Keep your food and drinks cold when you place your cooler order today!