Coolers can keep your items cold for everything from camping trips to neighborhood parties. The 140 quart cooler is ORCA's largest option, with a storage capacity that will hold all your food and drinks. Our USA-made coolers offer durability wherever you need to bring them. Support U.S. jobs by buying a quality cooler from ORCA.

What a Hard Side Cooler Can Do for You
When buying a cooler, consider what you want it to do for you. Hard side coolers offer several benefits. The first is durability. If you're roughing it outdoors or transporting your cooler to many events, you want one that will endure some scrapes. A hard side cooler offers that protection, so you can bring it everywhere. 

Hard side coolers can also offer strong insulation for your items. The rigid sides and inner foam trap cool air for increased ice retention. For situations where you want to keep things cool for a long time or during scorching weather, a hard side cooler is the best option for you.

About 140 Quart Coolers From ORCA
Our coolers come with a lifetime guarantee. When you buy from us, you'll receive a quality product that will withstand wear and keep your food and drinks cold for years of camping trips and vacations. Our 140 quart coolers also offer the largest storage capacity of all the coolers we sell, so if you need to keep many items cool, this is the model for you.

Benefits of a 140 Quart ORCA Cooler
For a sizable hard side cooler, our 140 quart option will serve you well. For your next fishing trip, party or beach day, this large cooler has many benefits:

Storage capacity: One-hundred forty quarts of storage capacity is enough to hold 192 cans or a lot of food. You can store even more items with the added cargo net in the back. 
Durable construction: We construct our coolers with a durable roto-molded material that protects them from damage. 
Ice retention: Stow items in this cooler for up to 10 days, and they'll remain fresh. Our integrated insulation retains cold.
Easy grip handles: Our flex-grip handles allow you to comfortably carry this cooler yourself or extend the handles so you can transport it with someone else.
Easy storage in your vehicle: If you drive an SUV or a truck, you can easily store this cooler in your trunk or truck bed. 
Seal in your food and drinks and keep them fresh with an ORCA cooler. This large cooler offers many benefits that make it your best choice for all of life's adventures. 

Buy a 140 Quart Cooler From ORCA
ORCA will ensure your cooler keeps up with you wherever you go. Our coolers are durable and trap the cold inside. We also offer replacement parts and storage baskets to make your cooler easier to use. 

Our USA-made coolers will keep your food and drinks cool for everything from outdoor adventures to a backyard party. Choose from our 11 color options and buy an ORCA cooler to suit your needs today!